# Studies of ALMA counterparts of SDSS quasars

Using a sample of 112 quasars from the 14th Data Release of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) within the Atacama Large Millimetre/submillimetre Array (ALMA) footprint, we explore the spectral properties of the high ionisation, broad emission \Civ. Specifically, we investigate the differences between the objects in the sample with submillimetre (submm) counterparts and those without them. We carried out a three-Gaussian fitting to model the C IV emission line in order to analyse relevant spectral properties of the total and individual components. We found a blueshift excess in the objects with submm counterparts with respect to those without submm counterparts, besides a stronger correlation between the blueshift and the line width in the former sample. Considering these findings within the context of an accretion disk wind model, these are indications of stronger outflows occurring in the quasars with submm counterparts. Furthermore, the objects in our sample had bolometric luminosity (Lbol >10^45 erg/s), indicating the potential for outflow feedback. We observe large blueshifts in high accretion rates objects, suggesting the presence of strong disk winds requiring L/LEdd > 0.1 and Mbh > 10^8 Mo. The individual components analysis showed that, in our sample, the C IV emission line can be decomposed into a narrow core (NC) with no significant shift from the line centre, a low blueshift broad component (BC) consistent with disk wind models and a redshifted very broad component (VBC). The subsample with submm counterparts exhibited higher BC widths, further supporting the presence of stronger outflows.

